# Pompeu

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file `lib/pompeu`. To experiment with that code, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

TODO: Delete this and the text above, and describe your gem

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'pompeu'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install pompeu

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake test` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment. Run `bundle exec pompeu` to use the gem in this directory, ignoring other installed copies of this gem.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/pompeu. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.


## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## TODO

### Plurals
Plurals are not readded from string.xml
```
<plurals name="herd_list_cos_number">
    <item quantity="zero">Sense vaques</item>
    <item quantity="one">1 vacas</item>
    <item quantity="other">%d vaques</item>
</plurals>
```

### Other

- translatable attributes are read one and not updated
- removed texts are not removed"

## Description

### The model
TextDB{texts: Map<key: Text>}
Text{id*: string, languages: Map<key, Translation>, translatable: boolean, keys: List<Key>}
Key{target, key}
Translation{:language, :text, :confidence}

(*) autogenerated first time, using TargetName+_+ket(target)

TranslationConfidence: int

#### Enums (in configuration)
Target{"android", "google_play",...}
Bundle{"app", "store", "website"}

## Example file
texts:
  android_app_name:
    translatable: false
    languages:
      en:
        text: VacApp
        confidence: 50
    keys:
      android: app_name



## Notes
- How to rehuse texts

### Translate apis
- https://tran.sl/

# Build
rake build && gem install pkg/pompeu-0.1.0.gem



